---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Why MIS
date: 2021-08-29
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Learning
---
I had really trouble recording my watts due to some personal issues with my recording system. Just a heads up for those of you that are using AMD screen recorder. Don't expect it to be great because AMD saves the files temporarily and delete them immediately in the next hour or so values for my settings I don't know how to adjust that so I just left that is an had to record it a few times throughout my three WODS I had to do.

Browser history one was told in the steaks from because one it was a little bit long and to being a little very rusty on my HTML coding and I was making reference to external sites for syntax is other format too.

In the end I decided to watch the video for browser history 1 and play it by ear. also I found out there was an issue with the email server for me for some reason even if I hard refresh it it just didn't work out it still had that lag time between here and the recently updated the time. So I suggest I would just drag the HTML file to your browser that would be the fastest way and even then sometimes it's slow for me I don't know why. It	 might be because I'm running two OS is in my desktop one the next add one window maybe that was why and that could be the reason why some of the files I recorded got corrupted particularly the last one for some reason it's really annoying how to record it around like 10 or 12 times. 

On average my first browser history took around 15 to 20 minutes same thing goes with the other ones roughly around average time so within the 8 to 12 minute range as well. My advice for you guys all is to be observant and practice, also check your screen recording if you have more than one monitor cause I found out that I was using doing it on one monitor and when I opened my recording it did not show so that's a little bit of a fault on my own.
