
---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E4 Reflection
date: 2021-12-08
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Learning
  - E5 Assignment 2
---

Provide a brief introduction to the assignment along with a link to this page for further details
[Link to prompt](https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/150.Assignment2/experience-Assignment2_retrospective.html)

Assignment 2 is a continuation from assfintment 1 eCommerence store. In Assignment 2, the objective was to create a login page and registration page for website users. I used a JSON file to store existing user information.

When a user registers a new account, the server will document the new information to the respective JSON file. Before registration, the inputted data needed to be validated to check if it met predefined data formats. If inputted data was required to be corrected and modified, previous inputs would remain persistent (sticky) in the input textbox and users would be alerted of mistakes to correct.

What did you learn from this assignment?

The one main thing I learned in Assignment 2 was the amont of validation and reading it requires to validate a simplle login. There are obiosly codes that shortens this by in the input box. Such as the following:

fullname = request.body.fullname;//retrieves the fullname data
   if ((/[a-zA-Z]+[ ]+[a-zA-Z]+/).test(request.body.fullname) == false){
      errors.fullname_error="Only use letters and a space";
   }

   if ((fullname.length > 30) ==true){
      errors.fullname_error = "Please make your full name shorter. 30 characters max"; //if length is greater than 30, send error that 30 characters are max
   }

//Email Validation//
   if ((/[a-z0-9._]+@[a-z0-9]+\.[a-z]+/).test(request.body.email) == false) {
      errors.email_error="Please enter proper email";
   }      


The client makes a POST request to the server. The server checks to see if the input matches the any predifined info in the JSON file or array structure. If errors are detected one will set a loop to take you back to the same page with a alert ('Insert your message Here');



Did you work with a partner? Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself).

N/A


How did you get help when you needed it? What did you need help with?

Making appointments with DR.Port reading W3 schools or other 3rd party website to understanding somewhat on the function and syntax required makes it a lot easier. Coding is something you can't do overnight; especially when we as student just started our coding journey. Being brave enough to ask for help works wonders.

How was developing this assignment different than assignment #1?

Instead of drafting a entire wwbepage or two this assignment mainly focus on validation functions. Suhc as If statements, else if statements as well. Sometimes I realy wished that during my initial draft for the validation to have some sort of loop to reduce the amount of loop required to implement the process correctly. But I was half way in and I kind of got a bit lazy to rearange and spend a few more minutes condesing my validation code into a loop. 

Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging

5% Thinking about something
20% writing something
and 75% testing and debugging --> This could be reduce if only I wrote 7+ codes and test it out did too much at once and didn't know that I broke something until multiple changes were made 


Describe what worked well with this project? What did not work well?

In all honestly researching and referencing what code to use whether it is syntax or functions were good. For future students listen to your instructor when they say don't use stack overflow. I spent a few hours trying to understand it until I decide to scrap it because it was too complex in relatin to the project. 

If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you do differently?

If I could do one thing differently it would be to validate code per each succesfful code and when debugging do not debug more than 7 lines of code,  create a better css file so it is more user freindly and do the extra credit last! Focus on your main assignemnt first before anything else. 
