---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E6 ReflectionAssignment 2
date: 2021-12-17
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Learning
---
1.	Briefly describe your system (e.g. A store selling Pokemon game cards)

Restarted my store assignment from 1 to 2. Lots of work had to reorganize and restructure a lot of code. During my assignment 3 I notice there was a lot of lack of ability to understand what to write (the logic in executing code). I get the basic function but don’t how to really use them in practice.  

2.	Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented.

Basically, this assignment 3 is a recap of a card game system that I failed to implement on my previous assignment.  One key bug that took me a substantial amount of time was implementing a YouTube link to the website. As it turns out the broken link that the client-side saw was due to YouTube internal system. You are not supposed to add the YouTube URL just from the browser. You need the embedded link otherwise YouTube would refuse to connect to your system. 

3.	Describe what you are most proud of about your system:

Don’t really have a thing that I would be proud of, if I’m being honest. If any mostly shame it took me quite a long time to even built it. The confession I have to make is unformattable since I lack the ability to write on my own base on common logic for the code. 

The best bet is to pay attention during class lectures and read the required readings it definitely helps a lot and mostly do not forget to ask for help. Don’t sit there spinning your wheels. I would spend hours researching and trying to grasp the basic function of what a code is before I implemented it to my server and then I spent a few more hours debugging it not really a great idea. 


4.	Describe what you are least happy with your system:
    
     Least happy about was proabbly doing the project lol - when you don't know its not fun :(. When you know what to do its fun and creative. least happy about was the later page was rushed b/c i ran out of time so the clarity of css was not as good just basic UI. 
     
     
5.	How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2?

I made the entirely new assignment there were codes available for me to salvage here and there. But mostly scrapped all of them. It was more time-consuming debugging them and making sure the forms are the same and all above all else work as intended. Hence, I started a new., mostly heavy side server.js with a hint of some params search to get the session IDs and others. 

6.	When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it?


STEP1: Cry
Step2: Cry more
Step 3: Pray
All Jokes aside, stack overflow is a no no unless you understand the first line of code the person is asking and the answering. Based on my experience I have no clue, what  I am looking at most of the time. W3 school is your friend, css templates is a god send just do a general google and you’ll find them.  Again, schedule appoint with the professor. 

7.	Describe what worked well in doing this assignment?

HTML and CSS portion went well b/c that’s my strong suite and that how my mind operates, went a bit sporadic at the end, however. Because I got bored of looking at all the same nav bar. So I decided to spice it up.

8.	Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment?
Basically, as you expected on my pass assignment, having a cocktail of code and manually reading each of them and determining if its necessary and working as intended – THIS TAKES A LOT OF TIME!


9.	What did you learn from doing this assignment?

I am a bad programmer in a sense I take a very unorthodox approach in writing programs. Quite inefficient actually surfing for templates, the researching part was not really a issue is just the fact that debugging takes a lot of time. I basically had spent no time researching on what samples or templates that are remotely close to what I want is. The hard part again is to connect each code and making sure it works throughout the website. 

10.	If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change?

Start the assignment early, meet with the professor firsthand in labs that you don’t get. Don’t wait until the WODS or assignment deadlines are lo0oming, really a bad move on you and inconvenience your professors as well. Also DO NOT just skip over some documentation because you felt like you didn’t think it would impact you later.
TRUST ME IT DOES!

11.	Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging

5% of thinking 25% of writing code and 70 % debugging.

This might be a bit extreme b/c I had a cocktail of code to debug and relink, because I honestly wasn’t that to well verse in what to write. 

12.	Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself) and explain briefly your rationale for the percentage breakdown. Be sure to include an overview of what specifically you and your partners contributed (e.g. “I worked on the security and my partner 1 worked on personalization”)
N/A

